Hey everyone, my name is Cecil and I'm here with my colleague Jay and we're part of the
Posit support team and we're going to walk through today the creation of an SSL certificate.
So in many cases there are a number of different commands you can use, but the one that we
like to use for testing purposes is using OpenSSL. So this command, OpenSSL
REC, creates the new certificate. Nodes, that's actually Nodes, which means the key
file isn't password-protected. You will run into issues if the key file is
password-protected. New creates a new certificate and X.509 is the file
format. So in this case we're creating a key and a certificate file. So the key
out flag dictates that the key is called PositKey with a .key extension and the
dash out is for the certificate file. And in this case it's PositCert.crt.
It's really important that the extension is either .crt or .pem. Otherwise
you'll run into issues with Posit products. So when you create the
certificate you'll get a hash that's generated for you and you'll need to
fill in some details. So in this case you can put in your two-letter country code,
your state or province name, locality, organization name. A lot of these fields
aren't crucial. The organizational unit name, this is just to identify the SSL
certificate. The one that's really important is the common name, the CN of
your SSL certificate. So this would need to match the FQDN or the DNS name of
the server that you're installing the certificate on. And it's
also important because if you were to generate this certificate and use it on
another server you will run into issues because the FQDN will be different. So in
this case for testing purposes we can just have PositDemo.com and we
need to make sure that the URL of our host is PositDemo.com. So email address,
this is more just to identify the certificate, if it's globally routable so
we can skip that. And yep, the certificate is generated.
you